mechanism_id	part_id	param_name	param_val	comments	unit
bacterial_transcription		k_tx_1b	0.05061	Binding rate of RNAP and Sigma factor	1/nM.min
bacterial_transcription		k_tx_1u	14.081	Unbinding rate of RNAP and Sigma factor holoenzyme	1/min
bacterial_transcription		RNAP_max	1960	Max cap on RNAP	1/min
bacterial_transcription		n_gamma_RNAP	0.23	exponent of gamma for RNAP	N/A
bacterial_transcription		k_tx_2b	0.0019382	Binding rate of Holoenzyme and DNA	1/nM.min
bacterial_transcription		k_tx_2u	0.09999	add Unbinding rate of Open promoter complex	1/min
bacterial_transcription		k_tx_3	0.003597	add Transcription elongation rate	1/nM.min
bacterial_transcription		n_delta	5.5	Hill coefficient for RMF delta	dimensionless
bacterial_translation		k_tl_1b	0.002793	Binding rate of Amino acid and tRNA synthetase	1/nM.min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_1u	11.48224		Unbinding rate of Amino acid-tRNA synthetase complex	1/min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_2b	8.24109	Binding rate of Ct and tRNA	1/nM.min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_2u	1e-15		Unbinding rate of Caa complex	1/min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_3u	12.3438		Binding rate of Aminoacylated tRNA, mRNA and Ribosome to form transaltion inititation complex	1/nM^2.min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_3b	0.04287		Unbinding rate of Translation initiation complex	1/min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_4	0.17	Translation elongation rate	1/min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_5	0.1	Protein folding rate	1/min
bacterial_translation		b_tl_5	0.5	Basal Protein folding rate fraction	dimensionless
bacterial_translation		k_tl_10	0.0001	Peptide chain degradation to amino acid rate	1/min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_8	138	Amino acid replenishment rate	nM/min
bacterial_translation		Et_max	1090	Max cap on Et	1/min
bacterial_translation		n_gamma_Et	0.37	exponent of gamma for Et	N/A
bacterial_translation		tRNA_max	1535	Max cap on tRNA	1/min
bacterial_translation		n_gamma_tRNA	0.6	exponent of gamma for tRNA	N/A
bacterial_translation		Ribo_max	280	Max cap on Ribo	1/min
bacterial_translation		n_gamma_Ribo	0.67	exponent of gamma for Ribo	N/A
bacterial_translation		Protease_max	850	Max cap on Protease	1/min
bacterial_translation		n_gamma_Protease	0.455	exponent of gamma for Protease	N/A
bacterial_translation		n_gamma_folding	0.26	exponent of gamma for Folding	N/A
bacterial_translation		n_gamma_syn	0.296	exponent of gamma for Amino acid synthesis	N/A
bacterial_translation		k_tl_6	0.39	Degradation rate of Protein-protease complex	1/min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_9b_P	0.000454		Binding rate of unfolded Protein and Protease	1/nM.min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_9b_Pm	0.01671		Binding rate of folded Protein and Protease	1/nM.min
bacterial_translation		k_tl_9u	10.2873		Uninding rate of Protein-Protease complex	1/min
non_tag_degradation		n_delta	5.5	Hill coefficient for RMF delta	dimensionless
non_tag_degradation		k_tl_7	0.0008	Protein degradation rate independent of ssrA-tag	1/min
mrna_degradation		b_tx_4u	1	Basal degradation rate fraction for mRNA-RNAase unbinding reaction	dimensionless
mrna_degradation		n_delta	5.5	Hill coefficient for RMF delta	dimensionless
mrna_degradation		k_tx_4b	2.54926	Binding rate of mRNA and RNAase	1/nM.min
mrna_degradation		k_tx_4u	161.36218	Unbinding rate of mRNA-RNAase complex	1/min
mrna_degradation		k_tx_5	0.42521	Degradation rate of mRNA-RNAase complex to RNAase and NT	1/min
logistic_cell_growth		k	0.015781	cell growth rate	1/min
logistic_cell_growth		c_max	503666666.6666667	maximum growth capacity	dimensionless
logistic_cell_growth		c0	6666666.67	initial cell seeding count	dimensionless
non_tag_degradation		n	5.5	Hill coefficient for RMF delta	dimensionless
							